It's incredible. It's a new species.
What the bloody hell are those things?
It's like a gnome shagged a mushroom.
They’re absolutely adorable.
Yeah, absolutely bloody adorable.
And I bet we’ll make a fortune if we catch one of those things.
We'd be famous!
Get on MTV.
I wonder what they taste like.
We really shouldn't disrupt their habitat.
Right. Sure, sure.
Greetings.
Welcome, friends.
I'll be right down.
Could I interest you in some peppermint tea?
What are you guys?
We are Sprites. We sprite balance to the forest.
We take care of the animals, plants, birds, moss...
Guys? Guys, I...
Hey, uh, little mushroom geezer, you cool with us camping here for the night?
Absolutely. A friend of the forest is a friend of the sprites.